[Runtime] Extend Graph Runtime To Support Cuda Graph Launch (#7616)
apache/tvm: CMakeLists.txt

tvm_option(USE_STACKVM_RUNTIME "Include stackvm into the runtime" OFF)
tvm_option(USE_GRAPH_RUNTIME "Build with tiny graph runtime" ON)
tvm_option(USE_GRAPH_RUNTIME_DEBUG "Build with tiny graph runtime debug mode" OFF)

> tvm_option(USE_GRAPH_RUNTIME_CUGRAPH "Build with tiny graph runtime cuGraph launch mode" OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tvm_option(USE_GRAPH_RUNTIME_CUGRAPH "Build with tiny graph runtime with cuGraph for GPUs" OFF)
```

    set_source_files_properties(${RUNTIME_GRAPH_SRCS}
      PROPERTIES COMPILE_DEFINITIONS "TVM_GRAPH_RUNTIME_DEBUG")
  endif(USE_GRAPH_RUNTIME_DEBUG)

  if(USE_CUDA)

>     if(USE_GRAPH_RUNTIME_CUGRAPH)

Reviewer: This makes USE_GRAPH_RUNTIME_CUGRAPH silent when CUDA is OFF and may confuse users. We should have
```
if(USE_GRAPH_RUNTIME_CUGRAPH)
  if(NOT USE_CUDA)
    // error out saying please config with USE_CUDA=ON.
```

Author: I moved this to CUDA.cmake to better check CUDA version > 10, so it might like cudnn/cublas feature, is that ok?
